update README (#5)
automata-network/automata: README.md

## Build

> On Ubuntu/Debian (support WSL), install the following packages:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Ubuntu/Debian (or similar distributions on [WSL](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/about)), install the following packages:
```
